I always thought my dream was to collect a Ph.D. and become a writer for an established publishing company, sipping my espresso and reading the opening lines to the latest copy of SAE magazine. It seemed like an appropriate dream given my masters in Computer Integrated Manufacturing. I gravitated towards documenting and writing. But I kind of just felt meh. I yearned to learn more, yearned to experience and learn something new and different.

And that's when it happened; trying to make sense of the volume, the variety, the velocity and the veracity of that data ignited the spark to leverage Data Mining, Data Visualization, and Management of Information. Data Science calls to all my passions; it incorporates critical thinking and I'm allowed to provide informed business decisions while converting technological data into functional insights based on business requirements individually.

When I'm not at work or in denial about having a social life, I'm at home brewing Café miel or rhyming words to form a decent sonnet or playing the guitar or doodling. At the core I'm just a traveler, and that's all it really comes down to. I believe in everyone and their goals in the journey of life and career. None of know for sure what's in store. That's why we keep looking. Keeping the faith. Travelling safe and sound hopefully, once when the pandemic calls it a day. 

My specialties include learning new skills and programming languages, problem solving and delivering data analysis and visualization solutions, managing global software implementations. So far, I have Automation Testing in UFT/ALM, protocol development in Pipeline Pilot utilizing Oracle database, automating jobs in Jenkins as a part of DevOps under my belt. I've started learning Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Sqoop, Pig, Python and MongoDB, and I'm still enthusiastically grabbing onto any other programming languages, frameworks, or principles I can integrate into the web in my head.  I'm kneadable, but I still keep my creative flare intact.
